fix(curriculum): typos find by crowdin (#46721)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/10-coding-interview-prep/rosetta-code/hash-from-two-arrays.md

# --description--

> Given two arrays, create a hash object where the elements from one array (the keys) are linked to the elements of the other (the values).

Reviewer: oh, alright

> Using two arrays' length, create a hash object where the elements from one array (the keys) are linked to the elements of the other (the values).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Given two arrays, create a hash object where the elements from one array (the keys) are linked to the elements of the other (the values).
```
This doesn't quite make sense to me. It seems like this is saying to use the length of the arrays - which you do, but not in the context of this sentence.
